hi I'm Adam and I'm here with Jamar
today our in-house telephone expert to
talk to you about the TOEFL speaking so
could you tell us a little bit about the
TOEFL speaking sure the TOEFL speaking
consists of six speaking tasks and it's
divided into two sections the two
sections are independent speaking and
integrated speaking okay could you walk
us through first the independent
speaking yeah the independent speaking
is the first section of the speaking
test and there are two tasks the
description and the summary okay so
could you just elaborate a little bit on
you know these two tasks sure the
description tasks you'll be asked to
describe anything to do with a personal
experience that you've had it could be
something like describe a teacher who's
had an influence on you or describe a
book that you like to read as a child
something like that something familiar
okay and what about the opinion in the
opinion task you'll be asked to give
your opinion on a topic the topic could
be something like all children should
play a sport what is your opinion on
that so you'll need to explain why you
think that okay and I think the next
question would Center on you know how
long should our answers be so for the
two independent speaking task so you'll
be given 15 seconds to formulate your
ideas and note down any ideas using the
pen and paper that's provided in the
test center and you'll have to speak for
forty-five seconds okay and so you
mentioned two sections independent and
the integrated speaking right so could
you tell us a little bit about the
integrated speaking yes so the
integrative speaking consists of four
tasks and they're called integrated
because you're using different sources
to come up with your answer so you might
hear a lecture or a conversation and
then you'll have to summarize what
you've heard you might also be given a
short passage and then have to listen to
a conversation on the same topic and
then summarize again what you've read
and heard okay and
how long do we have to complete these
tasks so for the four integrated tasks
you're given 30 seconds to think of what
you want to say and note down your ideas
and then you'll have to speak for 60
seconds and also so can we rerecord our
answers once we have submitted them
unfortunately no once you've actually
clicked record it starts recording and
it submits automatically so yeah you'll
want to use your 15 seconds or 30
seconds preparation time wisely it makes
sense another thing I'll just add
quickly is that for the first two tasks
you have to speak for 45 seconds and the
second sorry the next four tasks you
have to speak for 60 seconds you should
speak for that entire time so you really
want to plan your response to be the
required length so try not to finish
early okay